fix(shared): Restore scrollbar on re-verification completion or on canceled/closed (#5194)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/sweet-forks-care.md

---
"@clerk/shared": patch
---

> fix(shared): Fixes restoretion of the scrollbar behaviour after re-verification it's completed or canceled/closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(shared): Fixes restoration of the scrollbar behaviour after re-verification is completed or canceled/closed.
```
